okay so fellow museum goers I think this
is your worst nightmare watch
so the painting was at 350 year old oil
on canvas
it's called flowers it was valued at one
point five million dollars thoughts five
words or less
I should stop Museum drinking Monay
Monay Monay can't play that one off you
can't you know the museum authorities
there they said they would not hold him
responsible and it is insured but of
course this this painting is forever
like even if they repair it it it takes
away from the now value of it right
because you know damage I don't know
what that is but I think it's amazing
here's the thing about that painting is
like it looks like just a really old
like painting that having a Radisson I
think it's just flour it's not like oh
how did he accomplish that ring effect
it's just like no this is expensive
cousin told and it's like I'm sure it
was on the wall of a of a hotel in like
ancient Spain yeah but it was not like
an awesome painting back then they just
like kept it real nice and the one thing
about it the fact that it was preserved
is now ruined
yeah but they said it was insured so now
they just get to collect 1.5 million
dollars there you go that's right yeah
yeah they sent the kid in to bust up
some paintings recept Museum a little
bit have you ever broken anything that
was really pricey not that I can think
of probably but definitely not like that
priceless man how about you what about
yeah I'm definitely a bull in a china
cabinet I break shit all the time but I
don't think it was ever something crazy
what is huge china cabinet that put that
bull in the barn but I feel bad for the
little boy I do now that this is a viral
I feel
bad for him they're not gonna they're
not gonna charge that's so that's so
good and that's how his next visit to a
museum like if he just gotta be just
like oh god a lot of people are saying
why was it this more protected but then
one that that inhibits the viewing
experience you can't just have every
single painting and there's paintings
that are far more expensive than this
one they can't all be enclosed in class
you know what I mean they have to go up
and like look at it and see it I had a
rope like how much does he like an
electric fence like how much do you need
to have it protected right there you see
that rope boy you know I could have you
arrested for staying behind that rope
yeah dumbass I can't believe that this
doesn't happen more often
I remember like that one class like
you're you're doing your class trip
you're going to the museum you're tired
you know everything's very mean no
matter how cold they keep it in there
yeah you're still he's gonna be trying
facts you're just like a worst field
trip ever the the article listed some
other art from Blaire's what they call
them so in 2006 a man tripped over his
shoelace in Cambridge and smashed three
300 year old Chinese vases kept tripping
in 2010 a woman at the burek met she
fell unto a Picasso and gave it a 15
centimeter tear it didn't talk about the
value of it and then we've we've talked
about I think that remember when Steve
Wynn the casino mogul he elbowed
accidentally elbow to Picasso
masterpiece and it was valued at a
hundred and fifty-five million and he
was able to sell it yeah what's crazy is
how much restoration they're able to do
yeah they're yeah if you if you go on
those tours those docents will be like
yeah this thing had we this what you're
seeing now was under hot on fire
interesting I hope that never happens to
me that's the worst of the worst I could
see that happen you know I've thought
about if you guys thought about it when
you're in a museum early yeah next with
sculptures the skull is the basis in the
basis that I'm like dude if I trip
done there goes my college fund sell the
house wonder if any of our viewers if
any of you guys have any stories of
breaking any pricey shit
I want to hear you want to hear it we
want to hear it and thank you to our
guests today you guys can catch up on
season five premiere MTV's awkward monty
gear see you guys